Q1: A python list is like a post box in that there are a finite number of post boxes and each box is analogous to an index of a list which references a specific item.
Q2: With a post office, one would would have to specifically go to each box to figure out which box held what if one did not know which box they were actually searching for. Instead, the items of a list are always easily accessible and can be accessed at at the same speed and frequency no matter the size of the list (generally)
Q3: import the time module and find the difference between a start time and and end time between initializing and ending a function:

import time
import datetime

starttime = datetime.datetimenow()
#some function call here#
endtime = datetime.datetimenow()

deltaT = endtime - starttime

Q4: O(n^2) is better than O(2^n); after successive iterations, O(2^n) results in a lot more function calls which may result in a longer run time that desired

Q5: Functions that act under O(n^2) are directly proportional to the square of the input data size. This is commonly the case with functions that have many nested operations and nested lists.

Q7: This would be an example of a logarthmic complexity. Unlike functions that would be O(n), O(n^2), or O(2^n), this function is decreasing in the number of operations it does as the function runs.

Q8: Algorithm A would be in O(n) while algorithm B would be in O(n^2)

Q9: When using +, as opposed to append, two operations are being done. The first is that the list that is being added to is being checked to see where items are located in the list. The second thing is that another list is being made as a copy of the first list with the additional item. With append, it is O(n) as opposed to O(n^2) as the original list only needs to have an additional item added to it and nothing else.

Q10: 
def listitem(l,n):
	return l[n]
This would have complexity of O(1). My assumptions are that the user knows how long the list is that they are using, and the number, n, is going to be a non-negative real number that is within the range of the list.
